AI Coach for Capstone Projects (Iteration 0)
This project is a prototype of an AI Coach designed to answer questions about a specific project solution. In this iteration, the AI Coach is built with a free, open‑source LLM (using the Falcon‑7B‑Instruct model, for example) and is deployed via a simple Streamlit web interface. The coach is "fed" with pre‑provided knowledge (stored in solution_knowledge.txt) about an AI-Powered Cold Outreach Tool project, so that it can respond to user queries with contextually rich and accurate answers.

Features
Pre-Provided Knowledge:
The coach uses content from solution_knowledge.txt to understand the project solution details.

User Query Handling:
Users can input any question related to the project solution, and the model will generate a clear, detailed, and helpful response.

Streamlit Web Interface:
A simple web app lets users interact with the AI Coach directly in their browser.

Open-Source Model:
Built using a free LLM (e.g., Falcon‑7B‑Instruct) to ensure accessible and cost‑effective deployment.

Project Structure
graphql
Copy
ai_coach/
├── app.py                  # The Streamlit web application
├── model.py                # Code to load the LLM and generate responses
├── solution_knowledge.txt  # Pre-provided text with your project solution details
├── requirements.txt        # Python package dependencies
└── .gitignore              # Files and directories to exclude from Git
Setup Instructions
1. Clone the Repository
Clone this repository from GitHub to your local machine:

bash
Copy
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ai-coach.git
cd ai-coach
2. Create and Activate a Virtual Environment
Create a virtual environment (recommended) to manage dependencies:

On macOS/Linux:

bash
Copy
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
On Windows:

bash
Copy
python -m venv env
env\Scripts\activate
3. Install Dependencies
Install the required packages using pip:

bash
Copy
pip install -r requirements.txt
4. (Optional) Authenticate with Hugging Face
If you choose to use a gated model (such as Llama-2-7b-chat-hf), ensure you have requested access and logged in via the CLI:

bash
Copy
huggingface-cli login
If you are using a freely available model (like Falcon‑7B‑Instruct), this step is not required.

Running the Application
Once your environment is set up, run the Streamlit app using:

bash
Copy
streamlit run app.py
Your default web browser will open a new tab with the AI Coach interface. Type your question into the text box and click the "Get Coach Response" button. The AI will generate an answer based on the provided knowledge and your query.

Deployment
For free deployment, you can use Streamlit Cloud:

Push Your Code to GitHub:
Ensure that all source files (except those excluded by .gitignore) are pushed to your repository.

Deploy on Streamlit Cloud:
Log in to Streamlit Cloud with your GitHub account, select your repository, and follow the prompts to deploy your app.

Usage Notes
Pre-Provided Knowledge:
The solution_knowledge.txt file contains detailed information about the sample AI-Powered Cold Outreach Tool solution. Modify this file to update the context or include more detailed explanations as your project evolves.

Model & Prompt Adjustments:
The prompt in model.py is designed to include the pre‑provided knowledge. You can refine the prompt, adjust generation parameters (like max_new_tokens and temperature), or even swap models if needed.

Error Handling:
Basic error handling is included (e.g., for missing solution_knowledge.txt). Future iterations might include more robust error and exception management.

Contributing